Hello my friends and welcome to this new part on association rule learning.
In this part we're going to cover a new way of learning relationships you know correlations.
And this time what we will learn is some association rules you know like that famous statement people
who bought this also bought that you know that's what Amazon for example does and its recommendation
system it predicts what customers will buy based on what they bought before.
And that's why you see all these suggestions of new products when you buy a certain product.
Well and this new part I'm going to teach you how to make a model that can do these kind of things.
All right.
And that is called association rural learning so it's very different actually than what we had before
you know before we were either predicting a dependent variable and we knew what to predict.
We also did clustering where we learned some patterns in the data so as to create a new dependent variable
epistolary.
And now what we're going to learn is some association rules inside and in symbol of transactions.
All right.
So very useful especially for retail businesses or any kind of e-commerce.
So if you are data scientists working for an e-commerce company you will definitely use it.
And if you are yourself you know a business owner of a retail company or an e-commerce company then
you will definitely benefit from it as well.
All right.
So let's do this.
Let's start to learn this new technique.
And before we start let's just make sure everyone here is on the same page.
This is a folder containing all the codes and data sets of discourse.
And I give you the link to this folder right before this story.
So make sure not to miss it click it.
And now we should all be on the same page.
All right so let's do this.
Let's get into Part Five association rule learning and we are going to cover two morals.
The first one a primary which is actually the best one of the two issue in my opinion and Ella and of
course we're going to start with a primary and we're going to start here with Python.
All right.
So insiders by them follow you will find as usual the implementation a primary that IPO and B which
you can open with either Google collaboratively or Japan and notebook.
And of course you will find the data set which is called Market Basket optimization because actually
association with learning is used to market basket analysis or optimization.
That's why I called this data set this way.
All right.
So speaking of which let's describe what this dataset is about.
All right so for starters let's imagine the beautiful region of south of France you know with all these
cute villages with happy people walking down the streets and going to the grocery store every now and
then or to the coffee places.
Well you know imagine a very lively place where people hang out a lot and love go into the different
shops the different Commerce's not only to buy their favorite product but also to you know chill out
and the beautiful lovely town.
And imagine that you are the business owner of one of these stores you know selling food and delicious
stuff.
And so you know you are the business owner of this shop and you would like to as any business owners
optimize and boost the sales and you have an idea it is to offer some new great deals to your customers.
And the deal idea that you have in mind is to identify you know the best association rules among the
different products but by your customers in order to offer you know this very famous deal.
Buy this and get that for free.
You know if you buy this product you're going to get that product for free.
All right.
And so now you see the idea we're going to use Association wool learning to find the strongest rules
saying if customers buy this product then they will have a high chance to buy that other product.
And we will measure that chance so that in fact if they get this product they will very likely want
this other product and therefore they will very likely get that deal.
Get this product and get that one for free.
All right so that's what this owner would like to do.
And this owner just hired the best data scientist of thousand friends which means you of course to do
the job you know to find these association rules and therefore what this owner did because he knows
a little bit about data science he knows that he has to collect some data to provide the data scientists
in order to learn these rules.
And so each week this owner collect all the different transactions of the customers and at the end of
the week you're given this list of transactions which you have in front of you so that you can learn
that association rules and return the best deals that this owner should offer to the client.
All right.
That's your mission.
You have to identify the best deals so as to maximize the chance that you know the customers will get
the deals you know will buy the spirit and get another one for free.
And of course the price of this by this get one for free will be well calculated by the owner.
But that's a different question.
So that it can indeed not only optimize the sales but also the profit.
All right.
So that's the mission.
And now let's make sure everyone understands the data set.
You know each row of the data set corresponds to different transactions from different customers actually.
And for each of these transactions you have all the different products that the customer who did the
transaction purchased.
All right.
So for example this first transaction corresponds to a certain customer who put in one basket some shrimps
some almonds avocado vegetable mix green grapes etc..
Up to you know olive oil.
All right then this customer or you know this transaction corresponds to a customer who bought in one
same basket some burgers meatballs and x.
All right.
This customer just bought chutney.
This first customer.
But Turkey avocado and et cetera.
Right.
So all these transactions correspond to different customers and all these different transactions there
are actually many of them.
They're actually 7500.
You know if we scroll down up to the end.
Yes 7500 and these seven thousand five 7500 transactions were collected during the whole week.
You know each week the owner of the shop does this.
He records all the transactions and he gives them to you Data Scientist so that you can learn the association
rules all right and your mission is to return to this owner as fast as possible.
Well the best association rules you know of two elements so that this owner can find the best deals
for his clients.
All right good.
So now that we clearly understand the data set.
Well I suggest that we move on directly to the implementation.
So we're going to go back to our folder and we're going to open this primary that IPO and be either
with Google collaboratively or duplicate notebook as you want.
Choose your favorite.
Now it is loading.
It is laying out the notebook and in a second will have it opened.
All right.
Perfect.
So as usual this notebook is an read only mode and therefore what we're all going to do now is go to
fall here to create a copy by clicking here on Save a copy in drive.
This will create a copy inside which we will be able to re implement that file from scratch.
All right.
Because I remind that discourse is an action based course.
I want all of you to learn by doing.
Because this is how you will maximize your progress in machine learning.
OK.
So now again as usual let's remove all the code cells you know only the good sales so that we can keep
the well highlighted structure of this implementation.
So don't remove the tech sales here.
All right.
So there are a few code sales but we should be done soon.
This should be the last one.
No one that's one.
And there we go.
All right good.
We see the whole structure in one pitch.
Let's have a look.
So first we import the libraries as usual.
You notice that I kept my diary depressing template because we will actually use it a bit at least you
know the first cells.
Then we have the data repricing phase.
There you go.
That's inevitable.
Then we're going to train the primary model on the data set and then we're going to visualize the results.
And by visualizing the results here I mean you know visualize all the different rules sorted by relevance
as you can see.
Well first display the results meaning the rules non sorted and then the results meaning the rules sorted
by descending lifts you know lift is that metric of measuring the relevance of an association rule which
you saw in the intuition lectures with zero.
So you see we're going to display the rules by descending lives so that we can see the most relevant
and therefore the ones having the highest chance to convert the customers.
All right so that's the structure.
And now whenever you're ready let's meet in a next material to start this implementation it will be
a very exciting new journey.
I can't wait to implement tomorrow with you.
And until then enjoy machine learning.